Documenting CLI trigger-oriented command (#9487)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/toolkit/pages/how-to-use-the-circleci-local-cli.adoc

For full details on the `run` sub-command, refer to the link:https://circleci-public.github.io/circleci-cli/circleci_pipeline_run.html[CLI docs].

[#create-a-trigger]
== Create a trigger

You can use the CircleCI CLI to create triggers for your projects.

NOTE: The `trigger` command and its `create` sub-command only apply to pipeline definitions created with the GitHub App provider (Organization slug starts with `circleci` followed by a UUID. For example, `circleci/34R3kN5RtfEE7v4sa4nWAU`. You can find your organization slug under menu:Organization Settings[Overview]).

For full details on creating, testing, and managing triggers for your organization, see the xref:orchestrate:triggers-overview.adoc[Trigger a pipeline] page.

Use the `create` sub-command to create a trigger for your project.

[,shell]
----
circleci trigger create <project-id>  [flags]
----

> The above example shows the minimal usage. You will be prompted for required values if you don't intially provide them using the appropriate flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example shows the minimal usage. You will be prompted for required values if you do not initially provide them using the appropriate flags.
```
